---
title: Social mediate
author: adam
published: 2016-12-26T22:32:00-05:00
---

As I've become increasingly aware of my own desire to keep information
about myself (and even moreso my children) available only to those I
have intentionally allowed access to that information and of the many
intrusions considered normal by most modern internet companies, I've
become uncomfortable to the point of paranoia with social media in its
accepted form (mostly facebook if we're being honest). This has caused
me to seriously examine both the utility and the cost of each service
which I used.

The result of that examination is that I no longer have a facebook
account. In the coming months I may soon no longer have a twitter
account either.

It's not that I don't value the ability to easily connect with friends
and family and also to know what's going on in their lives. In fact,
those advantages are what kept me using facebook for so long. But I
realized that I could not personally sell information about myself to
facebook as the price of their service. That is not a deal I have any
desire to make any longer.

I still would love to keep in touch with friends and family, so this
website is an experiment with the ideas of
[indieweb](https://indieweb.org). Basically all the content you see on
this page is marked up in html in such a way that it could be consumed
in a feed with content posted to other websites formatted in this way.
If enough people did this it would form a kind of decentralized social
network. So we'll see where that goes for me. Even though I own the
data, I may still have too many privacy concerns to post very actively
here.

Simultaneously I have been using [Riot](https://riot.im/app) to keep in
touch with my family and hope to have some friends begin using the
service soon as well. It allows end-to-end encryption in communicating
with others and so overcomes some of the privacy concerns I had with
facebook.

So welcome to my website. Feel free to contact me on
[Riot](https://riot.im/app) where my id is abeckmeyer:matrix.org and
let me know how you're navigating the issues of privacy and data
ownership.
